Effective Way to Enhance Your Personal Image

    Living in a sociable society, we can not emphasize the importance of an excellent personal image which is closely related to our sociability. Apparently, it make it easy to attract others as well as accumulate likability. So, what is the effective way to enhance our personal image?
    First and foremost, let's beautify our appearance , which impacts personal image directly and is nurtured quickly. Reflecting our daily life, when we made the acquaintance to people, we usually saw his or her appearance at first, which vastly influenced or even decided how long we talked. Appearance is the base of the personal image. Although we can not choose our faces, we can beautify our clothes and makeups.
    What's more, It is most importantly to heighten our emotional intelligence. Scientifically, emotional intelligence includes four domains, self-awareness, self-management, empathy, skilled relationship. It seems hard to learn. However, we are able to choose to start from the most importance. Personally I think the empathy is central, that learning to understand others heart by heart. When we listen, please be more carefully and patiently. When we talk, use appropriate voice to deal with different occasions. When we do, considerate others and be of generous. It wealth being learnt in a lifetime.
    Floating Amidst The Stars Stargazing Meditation Since the beginning of time, humans have gazed at the stars in the night sky with awe, seeking in their luminosity everything from answers to inspiration to guidance. We have emerged from our contemplations with stories of gods and goddesses, maps of the universe, astrology, astronomy, math, and art. We have worshipped, wondered, and even projected ourselves out into space in an attempt to understand their magical essence. We know more now than we ever have about what those celestial lights are, how far away they reside, and what will happen to them over time, but facts and information are still no substitute for experiencing them yourself. Gazing at the stars is no doubt one of the earliest forms of meditation practiced by human beings, and it is readily available to this day. If you live in a city, you may have a hard time seeing the stars, but a short drive can take you far enough beyond the city lights to reveal their glory. If you live in a rural setting, all you have to do is wait for the sun to set and the night to settle to get the show of your life, every night. If you make a habit of it, you will begin to know the seasonal changes of the night sky, deepening your connection to the earth and the universe in which you live. One of the best ways to stargaze is to lie down on a blanket so that your body can fully relax. This position allows your breath to move easily through your tranquil form as you settle down into the earth, connecting your consciousness to the sky. As you look deeply into its vastness, allowing your awareness to alternate between the pinpoints of light and the blue-black space that holds them, your breath expands and contracts your body, just as the universe expands and contracts to its own eternal rhythm. You may feel as if you are floating amidst the stars or that they are raining down upon you. You may feel peacefulness, joy, and connectedness, or any of a full range of emotions. Simply continue to breathe, experiencing the wonder of this universe and your place within it.
Computer (computer), commonly known as computer, is a modern electronic computing machine for high-speed calculation, can carry out numerical calculation, can also carry out logical calculation, but also has storage memory function. It is a modern intelligent electronic equipment that can run according to the program and process massive data automatically and at high speed.

Composed of hardware systems and software systems, the computer without any software installed is called bare computer. It can be divided into supercomputer, industrial control computer, network computer, personal computer and embedded computer. The more advanced computers are biological computer, photon computer, quantum computer and so on.

John von Neumann, inventor of the computer. Computer is one of the most advanced scientific and technological inventions in the 20th century. It has exerted an extremely important influence on human production and social activities and developed rapidly with strong vitality. Its application domain from the initial military scientific research and application of extended to all fields of society, has formed the scale huge computer industry, and so did the world technology progress, which led to a profound social change, the computer has in general schools, enterprises and institutions, into the ordinary people, become the indispensable tool in the information society.

The application of computer is becoming more and more common in China. After the reform and opening up, the number of computer users in China keeps increasing, and the application level keeps improving, especially the application of Internet, communication, multimedia and other fields has achieved good results. Between 1996 and 2009, the number of computer users rose from 6.3 million to 67.1 million, and the number of connected computers rose from 29,000 to 59.4 million. The number of Internet users has reached 316 million, and the number of wireless Internet users is 670 million, among which 117 million are mobile Internet users, ranking first in the world. The evolution of computing tools has gone through different stages from simple to complex and from low level to high level, for example, from the knot in "knot notes" to calculations, abacus slide rules, mechanical computers and so on. They played their respective historical roles in different historical periods and inspired the development of modern electronic computers.

In 1889, Herman Hollerey, an American scientist, developed an electric tabulating machine based on electricity to store computational data.

1930 vannevar Bush, an American scientist, built the world's first analog electronic computer.

On February 14, 1946, ENIAC Electronic Numerical And Calculator (ENIAC Electronic Numerical And Calculator), the world's first Electronic computer customized by the United States military, was invented in the University of Pennsylvania. ENIAC (Chinese name: Eniak was developed at the aubertin weapons proving ground in the United States for ballistic calculations. The machine uses 17,840 tubes, measures 80 feet by 8 feet, weighs 28 tons, consumes 170kW, performs 5,000 addition operations per second, and costs about $487,000. The advent of ENIAC has epoch-making significance, indicating the arrival of the electronic computer era. Over the next 60 years, computer technology has evolved at an astonishing rate, and no technology has increased its price per performance by more than six orders of magnitude in 30 years.

First generation: Electronic tube digital machine (1946 -- 1958)

Vacuum tube digital computer

Vacuum tube digital computer

In terms of hardware, vacuum tube is used as logic element, mercury delay line, cathode ray oscilloscope tube electrostatic storage, magnetic drum and magnetic core are used as main memory. Magnetic tape is used for external storage. The software is machine language, assembly language. The application fields are mainly military and scientific computing.

Disadvantages are large size, high power consumption and poor reliability. It was slow (typically thousands to tens of thousands per second) and expensive, but it laid the foundation for future computing.

Second generation: Transistor digital Machine (1958-1964)

Software operating system, high-level language and compiler applications to scientific computing and transaction processing, and began to enter the field of industrial control. It is characterized by smaller size, lower energy consumption, higher reliability, higher computing speed (generally 100,000 times per second, up to 3 million times), and better performance than the first generation of computers.

Third generation: Integrated Circuit Digital Machine (1964-1970)

In terms of hardware, the logic components use medium and small scale integrated circuits (MSI, SSI), and the main memory still uses magnetic cores. In software, time-sharing operating system and structured and large-scale program design method appeared. It is characterized by faster speed (typically millions to tens of millions of times per second), and a significant increase in reliability, further reduction in price, and the product toward universality, serialization and standardization. Application field began to enter the field of word processing and graphic image processing.

Generation 4: Large Scale Integrated Circuit Computers (1970-present)

In terms of hardware, logic components adopt large scale and very large scale integrated circuits (LSI and VLSI). In software, database management system, network management system and object-oriented language have appeared. The world's first microprocessor was born in Silicon Valley in 1971, ushering in a new era of microcomputers. Application fields from scientific computing, transaction management, process control gradually to the family.

, thanks to the development of integration technology of semiconductor chips more integrated, every chip can accommodate tens of thousands or even millions of transistors, and the arithmetic unit and controller are concentrated in a single chip, thus appeared the microprocessor, and can use a microprocessor and a large, very large scale integrated circuit assemble into a microcomputer, microcomputer and PC is we often say. Microcomputers are small, cheap and easy to use, but their functions and computing speed have reached or even exceeded that of the mainframe computers of the past. On the other hand, the use of large-scale, vlSI manufacturing of various logic chips, has been made into a small size, but the calculation speed of 100 million or even billions of giant computers. In 1983, China successfully developed the Galaxy I supercomputer with 100 million operations per second, and in 1993, developed the Galaxy II supercomputer with 1 billion operations per second. This period also produced a new generation of programming languages as well as database management systems and network software.

With the change of physical elements and components, not only the computer host has undergone a replacement, but also its external equipment is constantly changing. For example, external memory, from the original cathode ray display tube development to magnetic core, magnetic drum, and later developed for the general disk, and now there is a smaller volume, larger capacity, faster read-only disk (CD - ROM).

